SigmaLink v1.3.1 — Session Picker Hotfix
Released 2026-05-16

WHAT WENT WRONG IN v1.3.0

Two production bugs slipped through v1.3.0. If you created a multi-pane
workspace, picked sessions in the new wizard, and hit Launch, you would
see:

  1. Too many panes spawning. A four-pane workspace launched repeatedly
     ended up with 12, 14, or more panes the next time you picked it from
     the sidebar.

  2. Sessions did not actually resume. Even when you explicitly chose a
     session in the picker, every pane started fresh.

WHAT v1.3.1 FIXES

Bug A — Pane multiplication
---------------------------
The picker now returns exactly one entry per pane in your workspace,
showing the most-recent session for that pane slot. Previous launches no
longer pile up into extra grid rows.

Under the hood: a new database column (`pane_index`) stores which pane
slot each session belonged to, and the picker query groups by that column
to return one row per pane instead of one row per launch.

Bug B — Sessions did not resume
-------------------------------
Your picker choices now reach the spawn path correctly. The CLI is
launched with the right resume flag (`claude --resume`, `codex resume`,
etc.) for any pane where you picked a session.

The bug was a frontend/backend payload mismatch — the frontend put the
session ID in the wrong place in the launch request. Fixed with a
testable helper that pins the contract.

UPGRADING FROM v1.3.0

No action required. The database migration runs automatically on first
launch and is idempotent.

If you have legacy `agent_sessions` rows from before v1.3.1, they will
not appear in the picker (they cannot be confidently mapped to pane
slots). The picker will be empty for an existing workspace until you
launch once more — at which point the new rows pick up the
`pane_index` column and re-opens behave correctly.

VERIFICATION

  - pnpm exec tsc -b        clean
  - pnpm exec vitest run    291/291 (net +9 cases vs v1.3.0)
  - pnpm exec eslint .      clean
  - pnpm run build          clean

KNOWN LIMITATIONS (unchanged from v1.3.0)

  - Gemini session enumeration is empty (disk layout undocumented).
  - Cross-cwd session browsing and session rename/delete are not in this
    release.

MANUAL VERIFICATION SCENARIOS

Scenario A — first launch, four-pane workspace
  1. Open a fresh workspace.
  2. Pick 4 panes, assign Claude / Codex / Gemini / Kimi.
  3. Picker shows "New session" for all four.
  4. Pick existing sessions where available, hit Launch.
  5. Expect: exactly four panes spawn; each agent resumes the chosen
     session (verify by typing a follow-up message to a prior turn).

Scenario B — re-open from sidebar
  1. Close the workspace from step A.
  2. Re-open it from the sidebar workspace dropdown.
  3. Picker shows exactly four rows pre-populated with the previously
     chosen session IDs.
  4. Hit Launch.
  5. Expect: four panes spawn, each resuming the same session as before.
     No 12-pane, 14-pane, or stray "shell" rows.
