SigmaLink v1.3.2 — Claude Pane Hotfix
Released 2026-05-16

WHAT WENT WRONG IN v1.3.1

A user opened a 6-pane workspace assigning Claude × 2, Codex, Gemini, Kimi,
and OpenCode. The four non-Claude providers spawned correctly and surfaced
their banners + REPL prompts as expected. Both Claude panes — one with a
session selected to resume, one set to "New session" — showed a completely
blank terminal with no banner, no prompt, and no output.

WHAT v1.3.2 FIXES

Pane 1 — Claude resume came up blank
------------------------------------
Claude stores chat history on disk under a directory whose name is derived
from the exact working directory Claude was launched in. SigmaLink scans
for sessions at the workspace root, but each pane actually spawns inside
a per-pane Git worktree. Those two paths are different, so Claude could
not locate the history file and exited silently before printing anything.

Fix: SigmaLink now creates a symlink from the workspace-slug history file
into the worktree-slug directory just before launching Claude. Claude
reads the link, the resume works, and any new messages Claude appends
flow back to the original file so your unified project history stays
intact across worktrees and re-launches.

Pane 2 — Claude fresh session came up blank
-------------------------------------------
On a brand-new per-pane worktree, the Claude project directory does not
yet exist. Recent Claude versions silently exit when they try to write
their first history line into a missing parent directory.

Fix: SigmaLink now pre-creates the worktree-slug project directory
before every Claude spawn (both fresh and resume paths). The first write
always succeeds and Claude prints its banner as expected.

UPGRADING FROM v1.3.1

No action required. No database migration. The bridge runs automatically
on every Claude spawn.

If a session you resume was already imported into a worktree by an older
build of SigmaLink (i.e. the worktree-slug copy already exists as a
regular file), the new bridge leaves the existing file alone. You can
delete it manually if you want a fresh symlink — but in practice the
copy will continue to work for that one session.

VERIFICATION

  - pnpm exec tsc -b        clean
  - pnpm exec vitest run    314/314 (net +23 cases vs v1.3.1)
  - pnpm exec eslint .      clean
  - pnpm run build          clean

KNOWN LIMITATIONS

  - Windows: fs.promises.symlink may throw EPERM unless the user has
    Developer Mode enabled or runs SigmaLink elevated. The bridge falls
    back to a one-time file copy on Windows so resume still works, but
    appended turns will not flow back to the workspace history file on
    that platform. v1.3.2 ships macOS auto-update lanes only; a proper
    Windows fix is queued for v1.3.3.

  - Carry-overs from v1.3.0/v1.3.1: Gemini session enumeration empty,
    cross-cwd session browsing not in this release.

MANUAL VERIFICATION SCENARIOS

Scenario A — six-pane mixed-provider workspace (the bug-report config)
  1. Open a fresh workspace.
  2. Pick 6 panes, assign: Claude, Claude, Codex, Gemini, Kimi, OpenCode.
  3. For pane 1, in the SessionStep wizard, pick an existing Claude
     session from your history. For pane 2, leave it on "New session."
     For the other four panes, accept the defaults.
  4. Hit Launch.
  5. Expect: all six panes show their CLI banner + REPL prompt. Pane 1
     should resume the chosen Claude session (verify by referring to a
     prior turn). Pane 2 should be a fresh Claude session. None of the
     panes should be blank.

Scenario B — re-open workspace from sidebar
  1. Close the workspace from Scenario A.
  2. Re-open it from the sidebar workspace dropdown.
  3. SessionStep pre-populates the previously-used session IDs for each
     Claude pane.
  4. Hit Launch.
  5. Expect: Claude pane 1 resumes the same session as in Scenario A.
     History from the resumed session is visible inside the pane.

Scenario C — resume an existing Claude session whose JSONL was deleted
  1. Open a fresh workspace.
  2. In the SessionStep wizard, pick an existing Claude session.
  3. Before hitting Launch, delete the corresponding JSONL file from
     ~/.claude/projects/<workspace-slug>/. (Simulates a manually-pruned
     history.)
  4. Hit Launch.
  5. Expect: the pane still spawns Claude (no blank terminal). The pane
     falls through to `claude --continue` rather than `--resume <id>`,
     so it resumes whatever Claude considers the latest session for the
     current cwd. No error toast.
