Bridgepace is the agentic development environment of the future. After 145 days of vibe coding an app until I make a million dollars, Bridgemind is officially launching Bridgepace. Bridgepace empowers builders to ship code at the speed of thought by giving them the tools needed to succeed in the new age of software development. As you can see here, I've launched an agent swarm with two coordinators working with five builders, one reviewer, and two scouts. My bridge Swarm is able to communicate between agents to be able to plan out tasks that are longunning and very difficult. As you can see here in this side chat, you can see that my coordinator one was messaging my other agents. My coordinator 10 sent a message to builder 3. At any time I can message the swarm and I just messaged coordinator 1. I said, "Check with all agents to confirm the job is complete." and coordinator one then proceeded to message all of the other agents making a roll call. So it said operator wants confirmation from all agents that the job is complete. Please reply with your status. And then it proceeded to come back and say that this job is now complete after it messaged the entire swarm. I built Bridgerpace using Bridgepace. And in order to be able to show you guys how to make the most of this product, I want to show you two core features of bridges. So you have a bridge space which is a workspace where let's just do this one. So I can navigate into whatever project directory I want. So I'm just going to navigate into bridge mine for now. And then I'm going to pick how many clawed agents or codeex agents I want. So for now I can launch up to 16 uh terminal sessions depending on how many agents you're able to manage at once. And then you can just select which agents you actually want to use inside of this workspace. So I'm going to use two codecs, one Gemini, and then let's do one cursor agent. And I'm going to launch this workspace. And just like that, you're able to quickly launch workspaces of AI agents to allow you and enable you to build at the speed of thought. Bridgewarm is the other core product inside of Bridgepace. And Bridgewarm differs from Bridgepace because with bridespace you're working with isolated agents whereas with bridgewarm you're actually creating a swarm of AI agents that are able to coordinate with one another. So I want to show you guys a quick example of how I'm using bridgewarm and how it's helped me use bridge space. So I'm just going to give the swarm a quick prompt. I want this swarm to be able to identify any security vulnerabilities and fix them. So, we are going to then give the any support and knowledge. You can upload PDFs, images, anything that you want in the swarm's brain. We're going to skip that for example sake and we're going to set up now the agent roster. So, there's a couple presets you can change. You can choose presets between five agents or 50 agents. And then the really cool part and what makes bridgewarm so useful is you're able to set these particular agents as they have like jobs. Okay, so for example the coordinators I will configure these coordinators and I always configure them with codecs because codeex has very good coordinator capabilities. Then for my builders I'm using Claude because Claude is able to write code incredibly well. And then for my scouts I'm using Gemini. And then for my uh reviewers I'm also using Codeex. So I just click launch swarm and it's able to launch this swarm of five agents. You can see here in the right panel that they're already coordinating with each other. You can see that this builder 2 asks the operator, "How are you feeling?" So, they're literally talking amongst each other um and planning out what they're going to do at any time. You can actually see what's going on in the behind the scenes here. But this is an incredibly powerful tool. And like I said, uh you're able to basically hand off swarms to longunning difficult tasks. in the swarm communicates, coordinates, and is able to complete tasks that are incredibly difficult to complete with very minimal intervention from the agentic engineer. I started coding when I was a teenager, and I've been coding with AI for over 3 years. I know what it takes to be successful as an agentic engineer. Bridgepace is going to be the best agentic development environment on the market. You can gain access to Bridgepace with a basic plan to BridgeMine for $20 a month. For a limited time, you can get 20% off if you use launch 20 at checkout. Go to bridgemind.ai to download Bridgepace today and start building the future.